what's with the jeans like something so
ok oh that's cool
this is an episode you were on yes I was
on this episode of um two wraps man I
miss you I'm to be wrapped I really
loved that show that show man it was it
was seriously what I look forward to so
much during the week was to get my day
what day was this on this was on what is
it original airdates
was it a weekend show Friday Saturday I
can't remember now I used and I used to
never miss it that's funny
I used to watch 120 minutes every Sunday
night on MTV at midnight yeah I was a
good one to stay up for and they play on
the alternative videos there are no
videos anymore on MTV right to con oh
yeah it's done it's so much 88 to 95 Tim
I feel like it was on longer than that
it's funny yeah yo MTV
ribbity raps I used to love her was on
there right remember seeing Flavor Flav
on the show for the first time of being
like what the fuck dr. Dre and I'd love
her but it was a different doctors right
right the big guy right there you see
right right dude ray and there's DJ dad
mouth yeah DJ Pauly bye yeah I mean I
remember watching
we were watching a like certain episode
stand out to me I remember when wu-tang
was on yo MTV raps and they did the
mystery at chest box and it's like the
one of the it looks like the enter the
36 chambers cover like this masks on and
I was been hearing that sound was a
sound had never heard before like what
the fuck is this
that was like the introduction to whoo
tang was from um - Rhett oh okay to me
you know and probably most people right
white kids are watching 120 minutes yeah
no I know it was pretty awesome though a
member was seeing red man and there's a
lot anyways here's Eric B and Rakim uh
Eric being rocky my like be - never I
came back him Rocky
rah Keem
see Eric be enraptured let's go to the
first Earth via rocket video one of my
favorites I like this with Lucas feel
like this isn't a food I like that one
I'll let you know my lyrics you know
saying to keep me on my thing I think I
listen to like all Bob James the best
part this interview so therapy and rock
came probably first time there on um two
wraps and they're asking him like so
what do you what do you like to listen
to and his first I think it's his first
answer is I listen to my shit yeah so
what's your inspiration me yeah he's
smart guys Tom what's your favorite
comedy me I listen to my own shit my
jokes yet so I remind myself of what I'm
all about
that's me as you said in the back what's
that motherfucker doing it's like just
chilling man
that is just chilling you know you're
supposed to be there yeah same James
Brown still my man you ain't stealing it
I'll let you know a little bit of
everything
Nate fling Wow
you know I'm saying that was no me no
talking about and just to be sure just
to make sure we know we have a doesn't
this this reminds me this makes me um I
don't know this seems so authentic
it is this is a time when like MTV
actually broke music musicians were
musician like these guys were really
fucking musicians yeah not this
horseshit of today these guys were
really trying to make it as music yeah
like this was genuine I mean really shit
the Nick Hawks are yesteryear that's
what's I know right this is before the
time of the internet and competition
shows where people thought they could
just make hey I'm a musician look at me
on YouTube like these motherfuckers
really didn't fucking chain on Eric beat
that thing hey guys
Sadie's so so cool but back then that
was like what I think his chain weighs
on Eric it's so heavy
yeah that's like a 25 pound there got
away his neck down yeah for sure I might
get one of those
yeah you should spend a lot on it no I
get a fake one just all about the look
you know okay I'll just start going to
meetings but I want you to see if any
will change what 25 grand is up me yeah
but really personalize it so that the
resale value is love all right here we
go here's why that's good short
interview yeah lots of you that's true
yeah
the ratio is good on there anything yeah
and it's a mainstream show which is even
better yeah you know yeah you know I'm
saying no to give him a run for his
money cuz we were like that's pretty
cool you got the god emcee right there
that's you know Rakim
is there anything we can put them up
against and then we have this from del
the funky homosapien
oh not like gentlemen this one yeah so
let's see he does on this right here
I'm going to rap like about baby
seriously maybe serious fears one years
old is a kid
you know what I'm saying good this I
think even if Nick Hawk were to just
start doing interviews this way he'd be
a better rapper than but do you see how
the back then it was like you fucking
started a craft yeah a being a musician
at the age of about 14 and not only that
people actually talk like people it
wasn't all about like I got this
motherfucking Holmes I got money bitches
I'm so fuckin I'm awesome I'm awesome
I'm awesome like this guy's actually
saying well I'm awesome I'm awesome
is one of the best things it's one of
the foundations of being a great emcee
right is I'm awesome
and there's actually a lack of I'm
awesome now because what you would say
you're awesome about it yes you need to
say you're awesome about your skill set
right now it's like I'm awesome
I own shit more like material wouldn't
you know yeah I have a lot of jewelry
but back then it was like you don't want
to fuck with my style right and how my
flow is just you know right it's
unmatchable
I'm the Nick hawk of the you know of the
rap world and so that's what you would
say you can't fuck with me on and it was
awesome is your talent not my stuff look
at all the shit that I have yeah now
it's like exactly I got six houses yeah
no that's just boring yeah I agree on
that but you definitely want to say that
you cannot fuck with me on a mic that's
what it's all about right right yeah but
this guy's actually talking about other
stuff yeah you're just refreshing to see
a rapper talk about stuff other than
bitches and money and yeah go back 25
years to get somebody to say when people
were people on television to even
watching those guys on you MTV raps Ed
Lover yeah he just acted like a person
dude yeah it wasn't like hey like
totally fucking phony baloney yeah they
just have the the real kind of a it's a
wacky now it's like a wacky persona like
they have to act that yeah like hey
what's up cap welcome back right he was
like he really was himself there and
it's so much more relaxing and engaging
to watch yeah like I actually wanted to
see what they what they were talking
about because they were normal yeah
maybe that's why people like podcast now
cuz we're not fucking
being phony yeah yeah Jesus I know
that's why I'm so popular
how la he really killed it on the you
know I'm sayin yeah it's a much longer
interview so again you gotta go you know
where where do you stand on that you
know where are you
nothing you know from you know saying
you don't say
you know by the way big props to the guy
that did the interview in a loud
environment so you you hear just boom
and music playing in the background the
whole time